hey guys roof and 77 here and today I'm
basically doing the first video in the
line of videos which is basically just
collection updates and stuff I picked up
recently this isn't going to be super
periodic it's just when I get a
significant amount of things that I want
to show you guys and this is only my
second channel so i'll just start right
away all right let's start with VHS and
DVD the only DVD i got was a probably
the legendary Super Saiyan dragon ball z
it's one of my favorite during molding
movies I think it's the first one I've
seen and it spit scratched up and I
haven't really watched yet but I do love
the movie so I just picture now on to be
chess again dragon ball z to the last
volume it has the last four episodes I
saw this it looks really clean and
really glossy so I just I didn't leave
what I didn't want to leave the store
with nothing so I just got it and you've
probably already seen these in other
videos I got two mega man VHS tapes
haven't really watched him yet I haven't
gotten around to it because I've been
doing other stuff but I will soon and I
might like them the only video game I
got was guitar hero 3 I picked this up
for four dollars a gamestop I love the
guitar hero games and I figured you know
why not it's only four dollars now for a
book I don't know if I've shown this in
any other videos before but I'll just
show it now to get it out of the way
it's the best of pokemon adventures and
this is the red volume I saw this at
borders when I originally went to get
something else but I didn't it wasn't
their thing i was looking for so this
seems pretty cool and I've I'm only I'm
about three quarters into it haven't
finished it yet but maybe i will soon
right now moving on to the sonic items
I've already done a review about this
the sonic might reduce soundtrack I
thought I just throw this in this video
just if you don't know yet that I have
it also featured in another video sonic
and jet Free Riders figures again just
to let you know that I have them and the
last sonic items I picked up actually
yesterday he's Kelly toy silver and
Knuckles plus is I well the silver it's
just weird doesn't even feel like a
plush feels like a weird figure and the
knuckles is actually good except for his
legs and is really short arms now I
don't like the Kelly toy blushes and if
you're wondering the reason I got them
um basically yesterday my dad woke me up
really early to go to another slot me
that I haven't been before or been to
before and I saw well first of all
massive amount of bootlegs there goes
knuckles mass amount of bootlegs even
saw that bootleg sonic cloth that's
about like that big but um at the same
place I actually got these and I was
finding nothing there really I was
really looking for sonic and sega
genesis games well sonic stuff and sega
genesis games and I wasn't really
finding anything there so i left with
these they were really just an impulse
buy I didn't want to leave with anything
or I didn't want to leave with nothing
and all right I got these for 10 bucks
for both of them and you know why not I
just saw him there I wanted to leave
with something and it's song so
yeah Oh real quick i forgot i did a
drawing touchy on deviantart but if you
haven't seen it or you don't have a
deacon art or whatever it's a drawing of
Sonic and final rush i scanned it you
can click the link in the description to
be taken to the scan and comment on it
if you do have a deviantart and i really
like how this turned out it's not on
normal sized paper well it was but it's
like stiffer and I cut it to get to the
size that I wanted and I put details in
the background like the rest of the
level like if you look really closely
right here I can get in the shot there
we go hold on there right there that's
actually mystic melody I added that just
because I knew it was in the level and
why not really so that's pretty much it
I'll see you guys later